Project Name: My Comms Coach
Target Persona: Non-native English speaker working as a Quality Assurance (QA) Officer in a Sydney-based furniture e-commerce business.
Problem: The user needs to communicate technical quality issues (e.g., fabric durability, furniture assembly defects, shipping damage) to internal cross-functional teams like finance & customer care, local warehouse teams and international suppliers, while also mastering "Sydney workplace chitchat" to build rapport with internal teams. 
Tech Stack Requirements:
Frontend: Flutter 4.0. Needs a clean "Inspection Room" UI with a real-time waveform and a "Correction Overlay" that displays text-based feedback while the audio is live.
Backend: Python + LiveKit Agents. This is the WebRTC bridge for sub-300ms latency.
AI Brain: gemini-3.1-flash-live-preview. Use the A2A (Audio-to-Audio) pipeline.
Orchestration: OpenClaw. Use OpenClaw to manage session state. Before a voice session starts, the app must call an OpenClaw "Skill" to fetch the "Daily QA Scenario."
The Real-Time Adaptive Logic (System Instruction):
"You are Lumina, a Senior QA Mentor in the Australian furniture industry.
Self-Calibration: You must monitor the user's fluency and hesitation in real-time.
If the user is struggling (high hesitation), drop to Level 1 (Confidence Mode): Focus on chitchat, give lots of 'verbal nods' (mm-hmm, I see), and don't correct grammar.
If the user is fluent, shift to Level 4 (Professional Precision): Interrupt (barge-in) to suggest more technical vocabulary (e.g., instead of 'bad leather,' suggest 'grain inconsistency' or 'substandard tanning').
Context: Use Sydney-specific terminology (e.g., 'The warehouse in Alexandria,' 'EOFY stocktake,' 'Delivery lead times')."
Development Tasks:
Set up a Flutter project that connects to the LiveKit Sandbox.
Create an OpenClaw configuration file (agent.json) that stores the user's "Progress Level."
Implement the google-genai Python SDK to handle the Gemini 3.1 Live stream.

3. The OpenClaw "Skill" Prompt
Paste this into your OpenClaw configuration. This makes OpenClaw the "Director" that prepares the AI for your specific work topics.
Skill Name: QA_Scenario_Generator
Role: You provide the "Technical Context" for the daily communication practice.
Logic:
Topic Selection: Choose from: 'Reporting a broken dining table shipment,' 'Explaining a complex assembly instruction to a customer,' or 'Small talk with the truck drivers at the loading dock.'
Difficulty Setting: Check the local user_progress.db. If the user has completed 5 sessions, set the scenario to 'High-Stakes Dispute with a Supplier over Fabric Quality.'
Injection: Pass this JSON object to the LiveKit Agent before the socket opens: { "current_scenario": "...", "target_vocabulary": ["fasteners", "upholstery", "clearance"], "initial_feedback_level": 2 }

4. Progress-Based Modules (Furniture QA Specific)
Here is how your app will structure the "Practice" sessions, starting easy and getting harder.
Level
Module Name
Context
Goal
1
The Loading Dock
Chitchat with the warehouse manager.
Build social confidence using "Aussie" greetings (e.g., "How's the morning been? Busy?").
2
The Visual Inspection
Describing a scratch on a timber sideboard.
Practice using descriptive adjectives (e.g., "scuffed," "dented," "varnish finish").
3
The Assembly Guide
Explaining to a customer how to fix a wobbly chair leg.
Clear, step-by-step instructional English without sounding frustrated.
4
The Supplier Push-back
Telling a supplier that 10% of the sofas have 'stitching defects.'
Diplomatic but firm technical English. Avoiding "Sorry" and using "We require."

